Ground work to allow rav1e to access PlaneRegion memory that are outside of coded frame size (#2445)
xiph/rav1e: doc/TILE_ON_FRAME_BOUNDARY.md

# Tile on a Frame boundary

## Accessing Tiled-pixels outside of a frame

Tiled input and output planes (type PlaneRegion) are configured in order to
allow memory access of its pixels that are located outside of frame boundary.
This configuration is only effective when the tile is adjacent to right or bottom frame boundary and
a partition block straddles on any frame boundary.

The type names of tiled input and output in the codebase is defined in:

> "'TileStateMut' struct"

Reviewer: Nit: Can we use code and code blocks for this part so it looks nicer.

Author: Sur- Is ``` for code block?

"pub struct TileStateMut<'a, T: Pixel> {'
"  ..."
"  pub input: &'a Frame<T>,     // the whole frame"
"  pub rec: TileMut<'a, T>,"
"  ..."
"}"

## How bounding box is enforced to a PlaneRegion and now it allows to access outside of frame pixels

A memory access to tiled input and output pixels in a _tile_ 

> is bounded by 'rect' field of each plane (of type 'PlaneRegion') of the 'input_tile' or 'rec' of 'TileStateMut'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is bounded by 'rect' field of each plane (of type `PlaneRegion`) of the `input_tile` or `rec` of `TileStateMut`.
```

So it will be better when we render the markdown :)

Author: Done. Thanks!
